README.md, before:

#animation-kit
Animation KIT for you website using CSS

*Notice.* Animation KIT is optimzed to use with webpack.

## Installation
Use npm to install package

```bash
npm install animation-kit
```

## Usage
First you must require installed npm package and pass to it animated dom element to catch animations.
Follow example

```javascript
var anim = require('animation-kit');
var element = document.getElementById('my-dom-element');
anim(element)
  .animate('bounce')
  .start(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation started');
  })
  .iteration(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation iteration');
  })
  .end(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation end');
  })
;
```

Package will automatic require needed single less style for required animation.

## Animation list
All animation has dash (-) notation in names. Keyframes for animation has camelNotationName.
Here is full list of supported CSS animation name that you can use in animate function

 - bounce
 - flash
 - head-shake
 - jello
 - pulse
 - rubber-band
 - shake
 - swing
 - tada
 - wobble
 - bounce-in-down
 - bounce-in-left
 - bounce-in-right
 - bounce-in-up
 - bounce-in
 - bounce-out-down
 - bounce-out-left
 - bounce-out-right
 - bounce-out-up-animation
 - bounce-out
 - fade-in-down-big
 - fade-in-down
 - fade-in-left-big
 - fade-in-left
 - fade-in-right-big
 - fade-in-right
 - fade-in-up-big
 - fade-in-up
 - fade-in
 - fade-out-down-big
 - fade-out-down
 - fade-out-left-big
 - fade-out-left
 - fade-out-right-big
 - fade-out-right
 - fade-out-up-big
 - fade-out-up
 - fade-out
 - flip-in-x
 - flip-in-y
 - flip-out-x
 - flip-out-y
 - flip
 - lightspeed-in
 - lightspeed-out
 - rotate-in-down-left
 - rotate-in-down-right
 - rotate-in-up-left
 - rotate-in-up-right
 - rotate-in
 - rotate-out-down-left
 - rotate-out-down-right
 - rotate-out-up-left
 - rotate-out-up-right
 - rotate-out
 - slide-in-down
 - slide-in-left
 - slide-in-right
 - slide-in-up
 - slide-out-down
 - slide-out-left
 - slide-out-right
 - slide-out-up
 - hinge
 - roll-in
 - roll-out
 - zoom-in-down
 - zoom-in-left
 - zoom-in-right
 - zoom-in-up
 - zoom-in
 - zoom-out-down
 - zoom-out-left
 - zoom-out-right
 - zoom-out-up
 - zoom-out

Commit message:

Add required config for webpack to use package

README.md, after:

#animation-kit
Animation KIT for you website using CSS

*Notice.* Animation KIT is optimzed to use with webpack.

## Installation
Use npm to install package

```bash
npm install animation-kit
```

## Webpack configuration
To use package in your project you have to setup alias.
Here is example config of webpack resolve namespace:

```javascript
{
  resolve: {
    alias: require('animation-kit/map.json')
  }
}
```

## Usage
First you must require installed npm package and pass to it animated dom element to catch animations.
Follow example

```javascript
var anim = require('animation-kit');
var element = document.getElementById('my-dom-element');
anim(element)
  .animate('bounce')
  .start(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation started');
  })
  .iteration(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation iteration');
  })
  .end(function (e) {
    console.log('Animation end');
  })
;
```

Package will automatic require needed single less style for required animation.

## Animation list
All animation has dash (-) notation in names. Keyframes for animation has camelNotationName.
Here is full list of supported CSS animation name that you can use in animate function

 - bounce
 - flash
 - head-shake
 - jello
 - pulse
 - rubber-band
 - shake
 - swing
 - tada
 - wobble
 - bounce-in-down
 - bounce-in-left
 - bounce-in-right
 - bounce-in-up
 - bounce-in
 - bounce-out-down
 - bounce-out-left
 - bounce-out-right
 - bounce-out-up-animation
 - bounce-out
 - fade-in-down-big
 - fade-in-down
 - fade-in-left-big
 - fade-in-left
 - fade-in-right-big
 - fade-in-right
 - fade-in-up-big
 - fade-in-up
 - fade-in
 - fade-out-down-big
 - fade-out-down
 - fade-out-left-big
 - fade-out-left
 - fade-out-right-big
 - fade-out-right
 - fade-out-up-big
 - fade-out-up
 - fade-out
 - flip-in-x
 - flip-in-y
 - flip-out-x
 - flip-out-y
 - flip
 - lightspeed-in
 - lightspeed-out
 - rotate-in-down-left
 - rotate-in-down-right
 - rotate-in-up-left
 - rotate-in-up-right
 - rotate-in
 - rotate-out-down-left
 - rotate-out-down-right
 - rotate-out-up-left
 - rotate-out-up-right
 - rotate-out
 - slide-in-down
 - slide-in-left
 - slide-in-right
 - slide-in-up
 - slide-out-down
 - slide-out-left
 - slide-out-right
 - slide-out-up
 - hinge
 - roll-in
 - roll-out
 - zoom-in-down
 - zoom-in-left
 - zoom-in-right
 - zoom-in-up
 - zoom-in
 - zoom-out-down
 - zoom-out-left
 - zoom-out-right
 - zoom-out-up
 - zoom-out
